hello guys didn't get here and if he
watched my last video which was a male
deer from which text Ireland and you
will see there have got myself a sealed
pack of match tax world stars and and if
you watch my last video it would have
said that will be opening this track in
this video and that's what I'm going to
do today so here's the match tax Warsaw
Pact and when matched ex-england comes
out for dead m for people that live in
England and collect match tax and will
probably not save much tax Lord start it
will probably see matched ex-england
instead and probably the plays in here
will be different to the place in much
tax England so I'm just gonna go through
this pack so the place in this pack of
robin van persie nema renau Adele Luis
Suarez Wayne Rooney and Leo no messy and
it says here six players per packet only
one euro um one euro because this is
this collection only has been released
in the island oh well any of every other
country except for um England and it
says 300 for awesome cards to collect
and if we lead the back it says 300 for
cards collect and star players one in
two packs these are for the insert cards
by the way guys man-of-the-match foils
one in 4.5 and 100 club rain will fall
one in 25 packs and also says here look
out for special sign cards inside lucky
packs and not not all packs contain a
special in Satcon so you can't get base
cards in this set by and but this is
formats texture so we'll find out then
probably by much the match tax England
version so hoping to get a man matching
this path here and but let's see let me
get so first card is Scolari the manager
for Brazil and go for your cottage in
just turn around Toni Kroos base for
Germany Pablo Armero for Colombia um so
pinning did this for Greece Kyle Walker
for England I'm very underrated in my
opinion only three stars um Gaston
Ramirez for uruguay and ghana midfielder
and it is kevin-prince blatting star
player so very nice card there guys and
by the way guys all these cards will not
be for trade um I'm not going to be
trading these cards but very very nice
um first pack for the set guys but wait
free 167 I actually got seven place in
this pack guy so I got six base as you
can see there 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 with the
star players so a narrow path but that's
always nice to have a few more base
cards as um the youth the England
version hasn't come out yet so and
that's basically it for this pack
opening guys and remember to drop a like
for this is very very nice pack opening
um more pack openings will be coming
soon for with this set when it comes out
and other sets so subscribe to my
channel like this video and stay tuned
for more um pack openings and goodbye